Fixes step of Azure Storage documentation. (#6694)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/cloud-security/azure/activity-services/services/storage.rst

Configuring the Activity log export
-----------------------------------

> 1. To export the logs, search for the **Activity log** service by typing **Activity Log** . It can be found in the **Monitor** service menu or by typing "Activity" in the search engine. From there, click on **Export Data Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the activity logs to export in one of these two ways: 

   -  Click **Activity log** in the **Monitor** service menu.
   -  Type ``activity`` in the search bar.
   
   From there, click **Export Data Settings**.
```

> .. thumbnail:: /images/cloud-security/azure/storage-activity-4.png

Reviewer: This image doesn't show the **Export Data Settings** button mentioned above. It's showing an **Export activity logs** button instead.

    :title: Storage
    :align: center
    :width: 80%

> .. thumbnail:: /images/cloud-security/azure/storage-activity-1.png

Reviewer: This image isn't showing the **Activity log** mentioned above. It¡'s showing **Audit logs** instead. The images are not correct or the text should clarify further.

Configuring the Activity log export
-----------------------------------

> 1. To export the logs, search for the **Activity log** service. It can be found in **Monitor**. From there, click on **Export Activity Logs**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. To export the logs, search for the **Activity log** service. It can be found in the **Monitor** service menu or by typing "Activity" in the search engine. From there, click on **Export Data Settings**.
```

Author: Changed text in commit b926228379179b7d6984f54f8916fabac0b0fc8d.

> 1. To export the logs, search for the **Activity log** service. It can be found in **Azure Active Directory**. From there, access the **Audit Logs** section and click on **Export Data Settings**.

Reviewer 2: I couldn't find the **Audit Logs** section following these instructions.

![activity_log](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/assets/51374959/a1671b6a-6ff8-4f87-b123-3b54ca3a388f)

It seems that it is now a differente service.

![audit_logs](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/assets/51374959/331af692-5cc3-43cb-b346-078cc7b8656d)

> 1. To export the logs, search for the **Activity log** service. It can be found in the **Monitor** service menu or by typing "Activity" in the search engine. From there, click on **Export Data Settings**.

Reviewer: I think this needs the following:

- Image addition/update to show how to find the logs. Do we mean **Monitor** or **Monitoring**. Maybe an image similar to this one
  ![imagen](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/assets/47069802/eea12fa9-c96c-414f-a573-ed409459fe36)

- The phrase "Search for the **Activty log** service" is too vague. We could rephrase the instruction into something more actionable, like
  - "Find the activity logs to export in one of these two ways:
    - Click...
    - Type..."

Author: Added in 566df6bf50b8a5efca2ad03047554e1ac4436d57.
